Oh, good afternoon.
I'm John DeTroye,
senior consulting engineer with
Apple's education division.
I'm the client management specialist.
And this afternoon we're going
to be talking about client
management in the enterprise.
How many of you were
here last year for the...
Fun and games we had.
That big huge crowd of kittens up on
stage talking about all their stuff.
We had a lot of fun last year.
This year what we're going to do is we're
going to narrow the focus a little bit.
We're going to talk about
systems lifecycle stuff,
the tasks that are involved in that.
We're going to talk a little bit about
how the enterprise tools fit into that.
I have-- we've picked some of the best
of breed tools to talk about this year
and how they fit into the lifecycle.
And we've got some customers here,
which is what we really
want to hear from,
is how do these people
use this stuff day to day?
How do they live with this?
So let's take a look at what
we have to do in the lifecycle.
What is a systems lifecycle?
How many of you in here
do IT on a regular basis?
How many of you know how to spell IT?
What we're going to talk
about is the tasks that you
have to do every single day.
I mean, think about this.
This is the cyclical stuff
that we live with all the time.
The things that we have to
deal with of evaluating,
deploying, and managing all of our tools.
Now,
what are the tasks built within that?
Here's the whole list.
Asset management, imaging,
software distribution, remote control,
usage management, license management,
patching and upgrading,
and help desk management.
That is our life.
Well, as we go through these,
when we evaluate what we're going to do,
we have to start off the beginning of
the year or the beginning of our cycle,
and we have to figure out
what tasks we're going to do,
how many of those are
going to be in-house,
going to be outsourced.
We have to figure out what
software and hardware we're
going to be using as we do this,
how much manpower,
how are we going to get through
all these different tasks,
how often.
We also have to deploy all of
these tools using these tasks.
How many system images
am I going to build?
How often am I going
to be deploying these?
Am I going to do manual deployment?
Am I going to be out running around
the entire state with FireWire drives,
re-imaging all the computers in my area?
Am I going to do
network-based deployment,
and what do I need to make that happen?
How often am I going to go
through refreshes on my systems,
or am I going to do it as
needed on an iterative basis?
Management,
the thing we do every single day.
The idea there is, am I going to be doing
centralized system management,
or am I going to have
people down at each site,
department, school,
whatever I'm working with doing this?
License management, simple things.
Password changes.
We always talk, well,
we're going to centralize management,
but then on the average day,
how many people lose
track of their password,
and we have to react to that?
And in certain environments,
you may only have minutes to be
able to get that password reset.
How do we work with that?
System software and security updates,
hardware issues, third-party app issues,
who's handling the help desk?
You know, is that the, oh,
today it's your turn,
or do we actually have people, you know,
designated as help desk operations?
And the whole workflow management,
asset management, and so forth,
and the more important stuff at the end.
So we go through this.
This is a regular day-to-day
operation throughout the year.
And if you think about it,
every one of us has to do that.
We sit down and review
our current systems.
We evaluate what our
needs of our users are.
We have to determine the hardware
and software that's required.
And from that,
we build our image sets that
we're going to use for deployment.
We cycle back and forth,
different test configurations.
Then we go ahead and we
image and deploy the systems.
We manage them.
We do upgrades during the year.
And all of a sudden, bang,
we're back again at the evaluation stage,
figuring out what we did right,
what we did wrong,
and where we need to go with it.
Some good examples,
and this is a little pat
on our back for Apple,
is how we fit into the
task management set.
Just to give you a common base of
definition for the different tasks
and where the Apple tools fit in.
For asset management, remote control,
and help desk operations,
we use Apple Remote Desktop.
For imaging systems,
we have NetInstall as part
of the NetBoot technology,
and we have the new ASR multicast
that's part of Tiger.
Yes, very cool.
I thought I could just do an hour
on that alone and we'd have fun,
but, you know, no.
All right.
Software distribution using
ARD and NetInstall again.
The usage management stuff,
the Manage Client for X,
all the MCX settings
that are built into that,
patching and upgrading,
using ARD again and Net Install.
One of those things where
all those tasks fit.
As an example, asset management from an
Apple Remote Desktop point of view,
being able to do the
system-level reports,
network reports, memory reports.
One of my favorite ones there
is somebody calls you at
7.15 in the morning and says,
how much RAM is in every
Mac in the building?
And you go, you know,
and being able to get that
kind of information quickly.
For imaging,
using the Net Install to be able
to do basic Core OS installs,
to be able to do the customized
installs after the fact,
to be able to do upgrade and
patch installs and so forth.
For usage management,
using Workgroup Manager and
the Manage Client for OS X.
Being able to do system-level management,
being able to do system
preference management,
third-party preference management
as part of the Tiger Preference
Editor that we have now.
And along with the mobile account
and portable home directory support,
which I will talk about in
more detail tomorrow at,
I think, 10.30 in the morning.
So let's talk about enterprise solutions.
Key contributors to this
from the commercial side,
people that do this stuff every day,
and like I said,
we're going to talk about
some best-of-breed solutions.
What we've got is people from
Sassafras here in the audience,
and I'll talk about K2,
their license management suite,
FileWave and Asset Trustee,
LandDesk with their management suite,
and Alteris with their management suite.
four key contributors to
the enterprise IT side.
As an example,
we walk back through these tasks again.
Look at asset management.
What does Sassafras do with this with K2?
We can do complete inventories of
all your Mac and Windows software.
It doesn't matter whether
you're managing it or not,
just literally an inventory of all the
software that's installed on the systems.
To be able to do hardware audits
and look for additional details
about the OS and the computer
profiles and additional items that
you want to plug into your database.
Being able to do
incremental updates of that.
So what are the differentials that have
happened over the last month or last
week or last six months or whatever?
K2 version 6.1 is coming down the road.
It's going to include
web-based reporting.
It's going to include a
Tiger widget for the managers
to be able to look at reports.
And it's also going to enable RSS feeds
for the web-based stuff so that you
can see any changes that have happened.
Plus the fact that it uses its
own template internal report
mechanism plus ODBC compliance.
It's going to be able to use compliant
report mechanisms for external reports.
And the back end of this runs on both
Mac OS X or Windows-based servers.
FileWave with Asset Trustee uses an agent
that provides for automated gathering
and storage of all the hardware and
software information into its database.
And the client software actually
initiates the scans on the
computers to provide the information
back to the server database,
and then it is Mac OS X server-based.
Landesk does a client-side scanner
that is completely configurable so you
determine what items you want to gather.
And you can perform full hardware
and software inventories.
It'll also do incremental and
delta scans of what the changes
are over a period of time.
And we can also add in additional
database items to scan for other
non-computer related items.
Plus the ability to do completely
customized inventory reporting.
This system is Windows Server based
on the back end.
[Transcript missing]
For license management,
K2 does complete control at
whatever level you specify
for the software license.
So you can have unlimited site licenses,
and you can apply that to an application,
and then everybody that's allowed
to use it will be allowed to use it.
I can go in and node lock a license
where this specific computer can
launch this specific application,
and that's the only one
that's allowed to use it.
I can also set concurrent licenses
where if I have 50 licenses to
a computer and I install that
software on 200 different systems,
only 50 computers will be allowed
to launch that software at a time,
even though it's installed
on all the computers.
And plus, you can specify very,
very distinct custom limits
and restrictions to this.
And also define multiple profiles
for different sets of computers,
depending upon how you
want them to be used.
Being able to reclaim abandoned
licenses would be if you have a
computer that moves to a different
department and the software isn't
needed on that computer anymore,
you can see that the license
isn't in use on there,
and you can actually regain that license
and apply it to a different system.
And then plus a full set of
license reporting and analysis.
Landesk uses a passive agent to
keep track of the software that's
being launched on a computer,
and to be able to work with the
inventory scan to go back and say,
what's been run on here?
So we're managing licenses
through the inventory.
And then we're managing licenses
through the inventory mechanism,
and to be also able to track the licenses
and define what people are using,
depending upon how you want to
set for just an application or
for the entire application suite.
To be able to import
specific files for that,
and to be able to manage license
reconciliation over downgrading
the rights to a specific
application for somebody,
and to be able to apply the different
rights policies that you want,
depending upon what the user
is going to be allowed to do.
And the console system being able to set
off a warning is a really good thing,
that when somebody's,
when you violated the license, you know,
it'd be really bad news to be
sitting there with a manager
looking over your shoulder,
and all of a sudden you
get an alert that says,
hey, we got a hundred people using
this 50 user licensed application.
And having the console alert
you that when you break license
restrictions that it'll let,
it'll give you a heads up on that.
For license management from Altares,
they have a contract management solution
that will actually track all the various
license settings that you provide.
So you can actually insert which license
agreements apply to different sets,
which warranties are provided.
So in other words, getting an alert that,
hey, I've got a license that's
warrantied for X number of years,
and here's when it's running out.
And to be able to specify this and
build it into the integration or
integrate it with the inventory solution
so that we can see later on what's
going on and get complete inventory
of the status of all my licenses,
of all my systems.
And to be able to provide complete,
and I love the term executive
versus administrative reporting.
Administrative reporting is
what an IT manager wants.
The executive reporting has
all the funny colors to it.
It's the difference
between the cartoon report.
You know, here, boss, go look at this.
And the one that you need to do your job.
Pretty pictures.
Patching and upgrading.
One of those tasks that
we have to do with,
you know?
I mean, despite the fact that we ship
our software and it's perfect,
There's always somebody that
has to have a patch to it.
So consequently,
FileWave allows us to deal with
that by having the patches or the
updates that come down through
the software update server.
I can make them part of a load set
and have them available to my clients.
And I can do it automatically
or I can make it part of a load
set after I've gone through the
testing process and set that up.
I can also execute the shell scripts,
what we used to call
payload-free packages.
So now the shell script can be part
of a load set instead or it can
be part of the package install.
And once again,
the idea is that the client pulls this.
So it's not a matter of saying, hey,
is the client online or not?
Once I've specified the load set,
the client, when it comes up and
connects to the network,
will say, hey, I need this.
And it will go and get the package.
Landesk will do patching and
upgrading through its security
and patch manager interface.
And what that lets us do is either
use their software distribution
mechanism or the patch manager where
the administrator will download the
file and create the template for the
update and then make that available
along with whatever the definitions
are going to be for security updates,
the vulnerability definitions,
and say under these conditions
this is when the update will apply.
So,
enough of me talking about this stuff.
What I really want to do is we
want to get the people that use
this stuff every day up here.
And what we've done is we've
gathered in some customers that
use this stuff every day and work
with enterprise IT solutions.
And I've got three people
that volunteered their time,
their effort, and we'll get them all into
the beer bash tomorrow night.
Mark Jeffries from Genentech,
David Zubradt from ViacomMTV,
and he promised Paula Abdul.
and Rick Yang from the
Inner Public Group.
I'm going to have them come up here one
at a time and they're going to spend a
few minutes telling you about how they
deal with enterprise IT management and
the solutions that they use to fit in.
And we'll start with Mark.
So let's bring Mark up on stage.
Good afternoon.
Well, K2, of all these different little
software management tools
that we're talking about,
Sassafras is closer to the Jeff Hawkins,
Donna Dubinsky model of software tools,
or the less is more sort of philosophy,
if you will.
There's too many hairy
people in this audience.
You didn't catch that bald joke.
What's wrong with you people?
No, seriously.
is diffusing things.
Seriously, the cool thing about K2 is
not so much what it does,
but rather what it doesn't.
Sassafras went with the approach of,
"Yeah, we could do patch management.
"Yes, we could do package management.
"Yes, we could throw things on your
desktop "and make dancing beauties
appear and all this other stuff."
We don't want to do that.
We'll just focus on these core things.
And it really comes down
to what is it that you,
as an average IT-oid,
would need to do in a given day when
trying to figure out what do I have?
How much RAM does it have?
How big of a drive does it have?
Of that size of a drive,
how much space is on that drive?
What operating system do I have?
Which build of that operating
system is on that given machine?
Is that machine here?
Is it somewhere on the network?
Then we get to license management.
It's not so much how
many licenses you've got,
but it's really how much
are those licenses used?
That's really the thing that those people
within your organization who look for
those beautiful multicolored charts,
that's what they're looking for.
Because by finding out license usage,
they can then go to their licensing
people who put pressure on the
vendors to make them give you the
software at a decent price instead
of going to the software store.
And they're going to be able to
get the software at a decent price
instead of gouging you so they can
make their trips out to Hawaii every
year for the big sales conference.
That's the sort of data that they want.
And that's the sort of stuff that,
in my opinion,
Sassafras K2 does a really good job with.
Because you can, in a very simple UI,
basically everything happens in one
unified console where you can see
the number of machines that have
been called up through the system,
the number of licenses that
you're tracking and monitoring,
and all the applications that
have launched at one time
or another on your network.
And that's the default mode with K2,
where it will, as soon as,
if you have a K2 client on your machine,
be it Windows, Mac OS, or Linux,
when a person fires an executable off,
that sends a message back off
to the main console of K2,
which says, application blah, blah,
blah has been launched on your network.
Now, before your end users start
freaking out and saying,
wait a minute, isn't this spyware?
Are you monitoring my keystrokes?
Do you want to know what
downloads I've just made?
Well, the reality of it is that
K2 doesn't do any of that.
It doesn't know that you just pulled
something from hotukranianbabes.com.
It doesn't know that you're actually
doing the PowerPoint presentation
for your kid's pet show.
All it knows is that you launched it.
And that you used PowerPoint for
approximately 3.4 hours.
And you're part of a user group
of 200 people that in the last
week have all used PowerPoint for
a minimum of 45 hours.
So then you can now pull this nice
little cute report and hand it back
off to your pointy-haired boss,
who then says, cool,
we know that even though we have
300 machines on our network,
or 3,000 machines on our network,
there's actually a lot of power
points that we can use to do this.
So then you can now pull this nice
little cute report and hand it back
off to your pointy-haired boss,
who then says, cool,
we know that even though we have
300 machines on our network,
there's actually only been 150 people
who have used PowerPoint anything
longer than five hours a day.
You know, we might be able to manage that
license a little bit better.
You can go from just a monitoring of
how many people are using a license
to actually engaging total fascist
lockdown on a license and saying,
okay, this has been tied to the node
of MAC address 128.137.6.5.
This application will no longer launch on
any other machine other than 128.137.6.5.
So you can do those sort of things
very lightly with Sassafras.
And the other nice thing about it is
it's built-in bandwidth throttling.
So when it does an audit,
whether you're on a PowerBook or a fully
tricked out G5 or soon a MacTel box,
It automatically throttles the amount
of information it needs for the audit.
So you could be on a dial-up modem
and it will not overtax the system.
And if you are concerned about
bandwidth on the console,
you can tell it.
I don't want you to hit this user
any more than 60 kilobytes a second.
Now, that means that your audit
is going to be really slow,
but eventually you'll
get that information.
And the nice thing about it,
the end user doesn't notice.
The K2 client runs as root,
so you can actually embed it down.
And if you are running a managed
Macintosh system where you lock root
out so that you basically don't give end
users the license to kill themselves,
you can actually embed it down.
You can then pretty much make
sure that the client sits
there and sits there reliably,
and you don't have to worry about it
being accidentally shut off or somebody
flipping controls on you unexpectedly.
The server itself is
also very lightweight.
I mean, you could arguably run a
large-site K2 server on an iMac.
And I'm not talking like
a nice G5 multi-fan,
super cool, loose-site job.
I'm talking about old-school, bondy blue.
With maybe a 30 gig hard drive on
it and a healthy amount of RAM.
Now, I strongly don't recommend
that you do that and have about
3,000 clients hit it very hard,
but it can be done.
It doesn't take a lot of
headroom to run a K2 server,
and it runs quite happily.
The console is accessible.
You can be anywhere on your network,
and you can call the console up.
For what it does, now,
there's other applications,
and we've actually used some
of these others ourselves that
you'll also hear from today,
and they're real cool,
and they work really great for
the various things that they do.
But when it comes down to very,
very specific things you need to know,
like how many licenses do you have,
how often are they used,
who is using those licenses by, you know,
Unix ID...
And what do their machines have
that you can then quickly turn
around and turn into a very nice
report for not only your IT people,
but also for your
pointy-head bosses out there?
K2 is a very,
very nice package that does all
this very cleanly and very quickly.
The guys at SAS Press do an excellent job
on customer service and follow-through
and just making sure that the
application stays very much up-to-date.
Quite personally,
I was very excited when I heard about
them including dashboard widgets because
the reporting widget is real slick.
Because then you don't even
have to call the console.
You just bring your widget up and say,
and your boss comes over
your shoulder and says,
So where is that usage report in
regards to the latest software
product that we just got?
You can quickly pull up
your dashboard and say,
"Oh, sure, boss, right here." And call
it up and they're like,
"That's most excellent.
You live for another day."
So, all humor aside,
we've been using K2 now since
its inception back in 1995,
and the product has just continued to
grow and expand in its capabilities.
But, once again,
going back to that Donna Dubinsky,
Jim Hawkins, Palm Pilot sort of metaphor,
they kept it simple.
And that's really a very attractive
thing in this day and age of ever-growing
complexity in just the tools that
we use in our day-to-day work.
So,
I'd like to leave it off at that point.
Thank you very much for your time.
Now David tells me that Paula isn't here,
but David Zubradt's from ViacomMTV,
and he's going to come up and tell
you what those guys are doing,
and you think that
MTV just does music videos?
No, they do IT.
Now my presentation is going to be more
of an overview of what MTV is about
and our solution that we have chosen.
And first of all,
I'd like to thank John for
asking me to speak.
My hope is that your eyes aren't
going to glaze over like my wife's
do when I talk about my job.
And you'll see, hopefully,
that I think we're
probably in the same boat.
If you're in enterprise IT,
I think we kind of
have the same problems,
I'm guessing.
Again, I am with MTV Networks,
1515 Broadway, Manhattan, New York,
Times Square.
More specifically, MTV Networks IS&T,
which means we don't have
the big flashy offices,
we have the beige offices and the
gopher farm and all that kind of stuff.
But MTV itself,
MTV Networks itself is MTV, VH1,
Nickelodeon, Spike TV, Comedy Central,
and our newest channel, Logo,
which will be coming, hopefully,
to your cable lineups.
We provide central support and
purchasing for all of MTV Networks.
And of course,
that means our challenges are that
we have to provide quick service,
tested and up-to-date software.
More challenges.
We need to control our IS&T operations.
As probably your case,
it's probably the same thing.
We don't make money for the enterprise.
We suck money from the enterprise.
Yeah.
So we're always having to, you know,
freeze our hiring while our customers,
they keep adding, you know,
Nickelodeon's going to add 100
more graphic artists over here.
We're like, uh,
but we have 10 people out of 1,000.
So we're always worried about that.
We're trying to control that.
And we're trying to find solutions
so we don't have to go out there
all the time to every desk and say,
oh, Creative Suite 2 has come out.
That's 4.4 gigabytes of information.
I'm going to have to go
out to this person's desk,
this person's desk, and install.
And we also need to keep
track of what is installed,
what is on our network.
We also need to respond to quick changes
in our enterprise like virus updates.
Hopefully we're moving that over to EPO.
We're going to use the new Virex.
So actually we won't have to
worry about that much anymore,
which is a big load off my shoulders.
Network changes.
I don't know.
Our network people don't really like to
talk to the Macintosh people that much.
It might be like your enterprise.
I'm not sure.
But they can't understand.
These are the people that
can't understand why an end
user would have a one gigabyte
EPS file that they're working on.
And why 500 gigabytes of network space
isn't enough for 100 graphic users.
And it doesn't matter.
We explain to it over and over again.
It's the same thing every day.
They're dealing with
multiple gigabyte EPS files.
And we also things like Sarbanes-Oxley.
Our company is really strict
about detailing everything
about Sarbanes-Oxley.
Everything.
We're detailing everything.
And did I mention that
we're detailing everything?
60-day password change,
which also includes 60-day password
change of our local admin accounts
on all of the Mac OS Xs out there.
Every 60 days.
Okay, so our solution that we chose,
and we chose them a long time ago,
is FileWave.
I've been working with FileWave
since I started MTV in 2000,
which was the old OS 9 version.
We're now using only OS X.
We've shut off OS 9 support.
That way, people who are still hiding
and hoarding their OS 9 units,
like the Bondi iMacs and
the blue and white G3s,
will eventually call
our help desk and say,
I can't do anything, and I need help.
So, again, we've chosen FileWave.
In our data center, we have four Xserves,
four G4 Xserves with dual 133s,
one gigabyte of RAM,
and they're on our gigabit backbone.
So we have four of them.
Three of them are
actually FileWave itself,
FileWave proper.
We have one as the main.
The main server,
two that are our logon servers,
or they're called boosters now,
that express software out to people.
And then we have one Xserve
that runs our asset management,
which is called Asset
Trustee with FileWave,
which uses PHP and MySQL is
back in now instead of 4D.
Sorry, 4D.
Thank God 4D is gone from our system.
Our user base right now,
we have approximately 1,000
Macintosh computers at five
different sites in New York City.
We also have approximately 150
production boxes that we don't touch.
They're not on our network,
not allowed on our network.
They stay off our network.
We're not going to support them.
They don't like us to support them.
They're very protective about it,
and we like it that way.
So it works out for both of us.
We keep strict standards,
strict minimums for our desktop users.
Our current minimums right now,
if you have a desktop dual G4 500,
you can keep it.
We have 768 megs of
RAM and 30 gig hard drive.
That's going to be a secretary
now using that system,
whereas a few years ago that was,
you know, it.
Our laptops have to be G4s.
They have to be.
Again, 768 megs of RAM,
20 gigabyte hard drive.
If you have that,
you can have OS X on our network.
More about Macs in MTV Networks.
They provide 95% of the content
that you see on television.
And we only make up
10% of the population,
total computer population,
in MTV Networks.
Of course,
we're still second-class citizens.
They don't care.
Of course, when the big virus went out on
the PC side a couple years ago,
all the Macs were still working.
And that did not fall on deaf ears
when the CFO was asking about that.
Because money was going down the tubes
that day for their business units.
Yeah, now the good,
what I like to call the good, the bad,
and the ugly about FileWave.
The good, again,
John has mentioned this before,
it's a pull technology.
If a machine's not on the network
at the time or is shut off,
when it comes back on,
it logs into the main repository,
pulls down what they call a manifest,
and says, oh, okay, here's what I need,
or oh, this package is updated,
and will pull it.
So if a laptop is home for three months,
it comes back on the network,
or they VPN in into our network,
they'll get it.
And luckily, our VPN is separated into
broadband and dial-up.
So only broadband users
will get the updates.
We won't update on 56K.
Or 336.
If you know anything about
telephones in New York City,
sometimes you're lucky to get 14.4 out
of the old system that's out there.
We have a 99.9% success
rate on everything we push.
I'm not going to say 100%, though
I do like 100%. I just think
you wouldn't believe 100%, so
I just dropped it down to 99.9.
Our first push was
Timbuk2 in the old OS 9,
OS 8 days.
We had 100% success on that,
and it was instant.
We pushed it out with all the
preferences that we wanted with
admin account that we could log in,
and our help desk was immediately able
to start remote support for users.
It was great.
The bad,
the packages we distribute are live.
They're live, live, live.
If you mess it up for one,
you mess it up for everybody.
Sorry, Norbert.
So we test it, test it, test it.
I have a bank of lab machines
that I test all my applications
on before I push it out.
Test, test, test.
And again, one more test I think
is adequate for that.
Here's the ugly.
The initial install is a desktop visit,
or if you have a remote
desktop opportunity.
So it's easier if you have a remote
desktop on the machines already.
And it's also easier if you already
use the sharing name as the--
As the client ID,
which of course we chose not to do.
We chose a complicated one.
So if you have more
questions at the end of this,
I'm happy to answer these for you.
Thanks, John.
So next person coming up here,
we're going to bring Rick Yang up
here from Interpublic Group.
And Rick has a rather unique
opportunity to tell you how,
in IT, how to herd cats.
What do you do when you have lots and
lots of different companies that you
have to provide IT management for?
So let's welcome Rick up here.
All right.
My name is Rick.
I work for Interpublic Group,
and I'm responsible for setting
hardware and software standards
on the Macintosh platform.
I'm going to give you a quick
background of Interpublic,
your understanding of why
some of our challenges and
how and why we use Lendesk.
Interpublic Group of companies is
comprised of 87 divisions of advertising,
media, all kinds of marketing companies.
All these 87 divisions
own a lot more companies.
We really, it's hundreds of companies and
Interpublic is a holding company.
In our enterprise,
we have about 45,000 computers,
of which 15,000 to 20,000 are Macintosh.
And once we fully deploy LANDESK,
we can get a very
accurate number of that.
Round right now, we're not sure.
And quick history on Airpublic
is all these companies really
operate very individually.
None of them really collaborated.
Every company's got
its own IT department,
its own CIO, the whole whole thing.
Everybody does his own thing.
So about two years ago,
we hired a consulting
company to come in and,
you know, go around every office,
find out what everybody's using,
the systems, the software,
ask all the IT guys,
what do you guys really do around here,
that kind of stuff.
And a lot of information came out.
And one of the more shocking
example is Interpublic uses about
400 different financial apps.
And that was, I mean,
it's always been a nightmare
for a corporate to collect an
output accurate financial data.
Around that time,
what consulting company would do?
Consolidate, centralize your IT.
We're like, "Okay,
let's do that." So two years ago,
we formed a group called GIS,
which stands for
Global Information Services,
within Interpublic.
The goal is we have one organization
to support all IT functions for
all these companies as a whole.
[Transcript missing]
We finally started to
form the GIS companies and
There's three main goals
we want to accomplish,
at least on the desktop side.
We want to create hardware
and software standards because
pretty much at that time,
anything under the sun was being used.
Every company's got its own solutions.
Every company's got -- using
all kinds of vendors out there.
And another big problem was
Every company is really
doing their own thing,
meaning everybody's researching,
evaluating, implementing systems that
pretty much does the same thing.
So, standards is important.
And the second thing we want to do,
we want to create a central service
desk to support all of the users,
regardless which companies you're from.
So at that time,
we created standards for our group.
And standard was very important,
as you'll see,
for an organization like us,
because it was not possible to
operate if you don't have standards,
precision policies, and desktops,
and softwares.
So--
We created a central
service desk in New York.
And that service desk
is level one support.
By doing this,
we freed up the field techs
to do more deployments,
to research other projects.
And we have really great
success with our central service
desk right now in New York,
and we have one in London to
support our EMEA offices.
We are currently closing 40%
of first call resolution,
meaning 40% of tickets are being called.
on a by user call-in, and it's done.
Ticket closed.
The system we're using
for our service is Remedy,
and we integrate that into LANDESQ.
for using mainly the search that's using
the remote control components of it.
And another major component
of LANDESK we're using is the
asset management part of it.
Because before that, we really don't know
what we got out there.
I mean,
because of so many offices we have,
we have constantly closing of office,
opening a new office,
consolidating real estate.
IT managers are constantly being asked
for inventory of what you guys have.
Different managers have different ways.
Some have better systems.
Some are literally, "Okay,
I'll go around and start collecting
information." And by the time
You got your, you know,
information started coming in,
somebody's asking for it again because
it's probably not accurate already.
So it was impossible until we can
have something that can just set
all the information in for us.
And we are also using software
distribution and patch
management components of LANDESQ.
Now this is, it was really,
it was extremely important for us to set
hardware standards just to accomplish
this part because you've got to imagine,
If we didn't have a standard,
patching and software is
just going to be hard.
By setting software standards,
now we have a manageable set
of software that we can deploy.
By setting OS standards,
now the patching is manageable.
By having one antivirus is better because
we were using probably anything you guys
ever heard of among these companies.
And actually, we, on ARD,
on Apple's remote desktop,
we are still using that in
conjunction with LANDESK because
it is an extremely nice tool.
Even though we have LANDESK on
the enterprise side,
our remote desktop was being used by
the local admin because it does some
things that is very easy and very fast,
even though it could be
accomplished in LANDESK.
Stuff like sending a UNIX command,
just copy a file to someone's desktop.
So, we still have use for
ARD in our environment.
And also,
LANDESK also required a visit to the
desktop first time for installing agent,
and we use ARD for that,
which is a great time saver.
And lastly,
we are currently evaluating-- well,
we have an active directory now
that we're ready to pull all these
companies in as our directory service.
So we are currently evaluating
extending our schema so we can
further use Workroom Manager to
manage MCX and all the preference,
because control is good.
You want more and more control.
[Transcript missing]
Now that we have software standard,
now we can technically build a base
image for all these companies and
then use software distribution on our
LANDESK to push out all the individual
apps all these different companies use.
And I just learned that,
I just recently learned that LANDESK on
the next release will have an imaging
component to it and profile migration,
which is, it's really exciting.
And there are three of them here,
so feel free to talk to
them about the new features,
I guess.
And that's it.
Thank you.
So, to finish up,
what we're going to do is we're going to,
I've got a couple more slides,
and then we're going to break
down into two levels of Q&A.
I'm going to get Rick and David and
Mark back up here to answer some
of your more specific questions
about some of their hot spots and
pain that they've gone through.
And then what we'll do is
then release everybody,
and I've got representatives from the
different companies here who will also
gather up at the end of the stage,
since we're the only thing between
you and Chevy's happy hour.
So, we're going to get everybody back up
here to be able to answer additional
questions when we get done.
But to wrap this up,
one of the things I wanted
to point out was that,
you know,
these are four significant players in the
enterprise management market and very,
very good players in this.
But there are also other companies
that fit into this task list,
too, and let's not forget about all
the other people that come out.
And we couldn't possibly cover
everybody that's out there that
provides solutions in the Mac space.
So, there's an awful lot of people out
there doing an awful lot of work.
And I'm going to get Rick and
David Zubradt back up here to
answer some of their hot spots and
pain that they've gone through.
And providing some very,
very good solutions for
all of the different tasks.